so Hamas says it shared its plan with
mediators about a potential ceasefire
and a deal for the release of Israeli
captives held in Gaza Israel is
examining the offer and says its
intelligence agency mosad will respond
the association of families of Israeli
prisoners detained in Gaza says if the
deal is not accepted millions of
Israelis will
protest well Hamas has released a
statement on the efforts to put an end
to Israel's war on Gaza that's a few
days away from entering a ninth month
the group says ishma Han has made
contact with katri and Egyptian
mediators putting forward what it calls
ideas it's discussing in order to reach
an agreement that ends Israeli attacks
on Palestinians in Gaza Hamas says
ongoing deliberations are being held in
a positive spirit so for more on this
let's go to hin kaduri who's in deala in
central Gaza for us and hin tell us more
about this and and what the sense is on
the ground there
well since the early hours of the
morning we have been talking to the
Palestinians that were displaced in Al
AA hospital about the ceasefire
agreement and about all the negotiations
Palestinians are hopeless they're not
feeling that this um agreement is going
to succeed because this is not the first
time the same exact news that has been
circulating they hear it for they heard
it like more than one time Palestinians
are exhausted usted they're drained uh
they're sick of hearing news about uh
negotiations ceasefire deals all they
want to hear is a successful ceasefire
agreement and other Palestinians care a
lot about going back to the Northern
parts of the Gaza Strip and the Gaza
City they all they need is to go back to
their homes go back to their beloved
ones we know that there were a lot of
families that were separated there are a
lot of other families that uh are are
missing their family members and this is
uh uh the state right now and also I
also like to remind you guys that there
has been a lot thousands of Palestinians
that are continuing to be displaced once
again after uh the endless um air
strikes across the go strip in different
areas so Palestinians are exhausted and
are frustrated and all they want is this
ceasefire agreement to succeed but they
don't want to put their hopes up high
because their hopes were were were were
not uh as they wanted to be every time
there was a ceasefire negotiations going
on yes whatever is going on as you say
the strikes continue tell us what's
happened overnight in Gaza
H there has been a couple of targets to
different houses in the Gaza City we're
talking about neighborhoods like Al shaf
area adage area and also the ground
invasion in continues where the Israeli
forces continue to stay to get stay are
stationed there with their tanks and
with their soldiers Palestinians are
trapped no ambulances were able to reach
that area for more than 5 days now and
we know that there are families that are
trapped without food without water uh
without medical treatment without
anything but also in the middle area
there was a
helicopters uh shooting uh uh gunfire on
the Palestinian in the northern western
parts uh of NAD the air strikes continue
displacement continues across the Gaza
Strip and Palestinians are very
frustrated this is going into the ninth
month of this war on Gaza all right
that's a picture in Gaza hin in daala
thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz out